image-filename: move note to background (#1449)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/image-filename-as-accessible-name-9eb3f6.md

## Background

> It is fairly common for CMS or other tools to default the alt-text of an image to its filename if no alt-text is provided. However, these names are usually not descriptive (often due to the presence of the file extension). This rule uses this heuristic to pinpoints cases where the [accessible name][] should be looked at by human testers. This rule does not automatically decide in which case a filename is correct (notably, it does not automatically decide whether adding the file extension is acceptable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is fairly common for content management systems (CMS) or other tools to default the alt-text of an image to its filename if no alt-text is provided. However, these names are usually not descriptive (often due to the presence of the file extension). This rule uses this heuristic to pinpoint cases where the [accessible name][] should be looked at by human testers. This rule does not automatically decide in which case a filename is correct (notably, it does not automatically decide whether adding the file extension is acceptable).
```
